<h1>projects</h1>
<p><em>Select Clients</em> Google | Yves Saint Laurent | Penguin Random House | KitchenAid | The Macallan | Stella Artois | Kellogg’s | Government of Ipoh, Malaysia | HEAPS Magazine | The New York Times | Gotham Bar and Grill</p>
<p><em>Pith Aferschool</em> A weekly free after-school program, organized in collaboration with City Growers, for middle-schoolers in the Pith neighborhood. Food and flavor are great lenses through which to examine political, economic, social, environmental, and physical well-being!</p>
<p><em>Tokyo</em> A partnership with HEAPS Magazine. Collaboration with local ceramic artists, designers, farmers, and chefs. Beef tartare with fish sauce and hijiki. Summer deer with squash and chestnut. Eggplant with pistachio and wasabi leaves. Hojicha ice cream.</p>
<p><em>Down Under</em> A series of pop-ups in Sydney, Melbourne, and Auckland, in partnership with KitchenAid. Pomelo, stone pine gin, lemon myrtle merengue. Oyster, red currant, black peppercorn, finger lime. Lamb, quandong, eucalyptus. Mulberry caramel cake.</p>
<p><em>Intro Restaurant</em> A residency at Intro Restaurant in Chicago. Tasting menu, à la carte, and experimental evenings with live music. Roasted carrot with harissa, almond, preserved lemon, ricotta. Venison tartare with quince, black trumpet, and juniper. Duck confit with chestnut, plum, and bergamot. Kumel and champagne.</p>
<p><em>Brownstone</em> A highly experimental performance of contemporary classical music in collaboration with Metropolis Ensemble. Interplay between sound, sight, and taste across many floors of a society mansion in Manhattan.</p>
<p><em>Front Art Space</em> A residency in New York’s smallest art gallery. Commissioned unglazed porcelain ceramics and corresponding bent-metal furniture. Cooking and dining with unexpecting pedestrians. Collaborations with sound artists.</p>
